Light/dark theming for shikiji's codeblocks (#8903)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tender-suits-glow.md

> ---
> '@astrojs/markdown-remark': patch
> ---
> 
> Adds experimental support for multiple themes in `shikiji`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@astrojs/markdown-remark': minor
'astro': minor
---

Adds experimental support for multiple shiki themes with the new `markdown.shikiConfig.experimentalThemes` option.
```

Extended the changeset a bit to highlight the new schema option, and marked minor as these will be new features. I think we can merge this on next Wednesday when we usually do minors.

Reviewer 2: Love this change, @bluwy !
